Darkness.
The sounds of children's cries and the scrap of a space engine.

You wake to find your leg pinned beneath the wing of a spacecraft.  You try to raise your body and notice the black suit of leather armour 
encasing your body.  This armour is tarnished, yet still holds a large serrated knife and a stun gun on your left shoulder.  Further down 
you see your armour has a tear in the side where you are covered in a thick pool of neon green liquid.  As you raise higher of the ground 
you feel a twinge in your side and that’s when you realize the green liquid is coming from you.  That’s when you hear the noise.

BOOM

A hole appears next to you and the smell of smoke and gunpowder infiltrates your senses.  You now realize you need to get out of here. 
Pushing and pulling you cannot get the wing of an aircraft off your leg.  You can sense danger approaching and it is becoming apparent you 
must get out of this danger zone or you will die.  Tearing off a piece of your armour you bite down on this leather and begin to do the 
unthinkable.  Taking the serrated knife you begin to cut into your flesh and saw through bone to escape.  More neon liquid spurts from your
body as you amputate your own leg and cover the remaining bit with a scrap of material laying next to you.  Slowly standing, supporting your
self with the aircraft next to you, you begin to observe your surroundings. In front of you is nothing but ruins.  Decimated buildings, the
remains of who knows what and carnage from the landscape being torn apart.  Crawling into these ruins you find a garage that houses a 
medieval spacecraft.  Crawling inside you are shocked that this aircraft survived the wreckage and let alone starts with only a few hiccups.
Slowly pulling out of the garage you launch your craft into the air and speed into the unknown. Suddenly you hear a loud noise as your 
space craft informs you are being followed, but by who? As they begin to shoot you know you must escape whatever the cost. You know you must
find who you are, you must begin finding unknown.

